Description

Steal, Purge & Dispel (SP&D) provides several tools to help you achieve efficient offensive dispel of your target and your focus. SP&D works with magic dispel as well as enrage dispel. The addon will automatically load if your character knows a dispel spell but will remain quiet otherwise.

 

Hey guys, I'm LogicallyUnfit, People just call me Logic, I'm Updating this to BfA and Will be Adding Support for new spells and Classes as needed. Feel free to comment any suggestions or updates. The orginal Addon was Authored by Istaran from Medivh EU - https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/stealpurgedispel

Change log
1.1.0

- Initial Fix for UnitAura() API Change

1.0.6

- Original Version for 6.0.2

 

Timer bars

SP&D creates a frame containing up to 10 timer bars corresponding to dispellable auras currently present on your target and your focus. The bars show the name, icon, remaining time and stacks of the auras. The layout of the frame is highly customizable and supports SharedMedia. The focus monitoring can be completely disabled.


Sound

A sound can be played by SP&D when your target or your focus shows a dispellable aura.


Macro auto-creation

SP&D creates a dispel macro for you that uses your dispel spell. The macro casts your dispel spell on your target or your focus depending on your choice. You can easily modify buttons and modifiers used by the macro with a dedicated interface. You can also completely edit this macro to your taste.


Dispel Buttons

SP&D provides an alternative way to cast your dispel spell by creating a button corresponding to your target and to your focus. Clicking on these buttons will automatically cast your dispel spell on the concerned unit. Due to blizzard addon restrictions, these buttons cannot be completely hidden if your target or focus has nothing to dispel, but the transparency can be modified and set to 0.


Custom lists

SP&D provides custom white and black lists. In case SP&D doesn’t detect a dispellable aura, you can add it using the white list tool. Conversely, if SP&D detects wrongly an aura or if it happens that you don’t want to hear about a dispellable aura, you can add it to the black list and SP&D will not detect it anymore.



Configuration

SP&D is ready to use on installation, but you can modify the addon behaviour and the layout to your like. Type /sp&d to open configuration panel or access it via addon menu in the interface option. You can then enable the config mode by ticking the corresponding box on the top-left side of the config panel. This will simulate dispellable auras on target and focus units as well as unlocking the different frames.

In general options, you can modify general behaviour of the addon like the number of auras, the sound played upon detection of dispellable auras, etc.
Use layout options to change the aspect of SP&D.
The macro tab allows you to edit the dispel macro generated by SP&D.
The button options offer the possibility to create buttons you can click on your screen to perform dispel on your target or your focus.
Finally, you can add custom auras to be detected by SP&D or hide auras detected by SP&D in the custom lists tab. Custom aura management tools are also provided.



Localization

SP&D will work with any client language. Options and addon messages are localized in English and French. If you are willing to add localization in your own language, please send me a PM.

 

Donations

Donations are not required but always welcome! please also consider donating to the original author!
